Hey guys
I'll pass on to you, just identify me.
some decoder defect
you can see if this indicator
do the heat show for you
in this case justified here is in
great state and in this way let's do
some tests and when its components
are in perfect condition
come on then under him there are four
screws
Let's open, I've removed the four
screws with you can see here
and we take out contention that it is docking
they are seeing
and here he dismantled a military one
little dirty
then we will clean it cable
Here food and close to the engine which is
the centerpiece made one
the case of withdrawing the motor that we take out
this protection very well
the engine shaft retaining a nut
see only
I know how he accumulated personal dirt.
seeing here that behind the button
selector if you can be there look only
we have a common diode and we will test for
that you can see if he's good
or bad
Let's clean it with some cotton
alcohol
screw holding motor study
Look how clean it looks, just look how it looks.
wet cotton in something as well as
to the dirt embedded here
now the test in the common gold
Let's give alligators in their terminals.
only as red is already zeroed and we put
on the lesion scale
one side with 12
now we invert the claws and the task and
sight scale
the pointer does not move, it's fine
the engine channels that it stays together
of a power cable cover from the
the motor terminal stays here you
can speak
Now the next step is holding the
alligator cars
the unicef motor terminals
We put in the review scale and indicates
For folks, the reels are good.
What
the rest of the power cord 220
volts and alternating current
we put an alligator cat in the
with the other proton tip
causing the ram screen of 21 shows that with
the good
now on the other end of the cable.
food
We do the same thing with humor tract
we put on the scale of times together
as you can see also with 2 cable
power supply is great.
and as I have said enough for this engine
is in great condition
there is just out on the street